# Personal-Statement

# What they asked for:

## UMT
The personal statement should provide information about yourself that you consider significant to our evaluation of your file. We are interested in learning about the qualities that you would bring to the legal profession, the law school classroom, and the community. You may wish to describe a significant experience in your life or to discuss your interest in or motivation for attending law school. A typical personal statement is 2-3 pages. It will be evaluated for writing ability as well as content. Do not treat your personal statement as a narrative of your resume.

## UNH
We want to hear from you. Your personal statement of two pages (double-spaced) is required and must be submitted electronically. We’d like you to tell us why you are applying to law school and why UNH Law specifically. What motivates you to become a lawyer? This is your opportunity to share what makes you unique. Share your abilities, your character and your experiences. We consider this statement seriously in our decision-making and expect it to be concise and well-written.

# What I'm providing:

Without Open-Source Software(OSS), the internet as we know, it wouldn't exist. The internet is a collection of interconnected servers spread all across the world, mainly running on software developed by individuals and small teams and shared openly for the entire world to benefit. What I want to do is help people continue to share their work openly and freely, by helping them properly license and protect their hard work. Releasing their work as OSS doesnt mean they can't be paid for their work, but they will need legal help ensuring they get paid fairly.

It all started with an innocent little sticker. Sitting at a coffee shop in downtown Missoula, I noticed a small penguin sticker on a laptop, which stood out from the typical ski resort and national park stickers seen around the city. I didn't know much more than Tux was the mascot of an alternative operating system, one I had minimal experience with but had an interest in learning more. I used the sticker as an ice breaker to talk with the individual and found out how he was using Linux. He wasn't using Linux as a hobby; he was a lawyer running his entire law firm on the Linux operating system. We parted ways but agreed to meet the following week for lunch to discuss the opportunity of working together.

I have continued to be a supporter and advocate for the use of open-source software following my time at the law firm. When suggesting to a client that they should license their software under an open-source license they freak out and instantly get worried. What I have to do is remind them of the reason why they can be successful. Having their projects built on a foundation of open-source software keeps the costs manageable. From the operating system and software on the server to the editing tools on the developers' desktops are all projects shared by their original developers in support of the movement.

Many companies need help as they grow sustainably. The greatest joy for me has come from helping startups use open-source tools to build their business. With the formation of each new business, I've presented a new series of challenges and opportunities to explore different tools and techniques. Working on how to apply open-source licenses for their unique situation. Many companies of all sizes struggle with using open-source software correctly. My motivation is to help companies navigate the open-source waters. By allowing them to benefit from open-source software without violating the software license.